Debian/Ubuntu/Mint

Files
  ___
 /___\_________
|              |
|              |
|              |
|              |
|              |
|______________|

install.sh: It's the installation script (Need chmod +x). You can delete it from the project folder after the installation.
journal: It's the client program stays at journalNet folder (Need chmod +x). Launch with ./journal -B yourusername@127.0.0.1 or ./journal -B yourusername@your.dynamic.dns 
journalnet: It's the server program, stays at /usr/local/sbin/ folder. You can delete it from the project folder after the installation.
.journal: It's your journal file, got to stay directly at the user home folder.
bookmarks.txt: It's your journal bookmarks file, just add or delete journals addresses in this file and relaunch the client with ./journal -b 
banner folder: It's where the "sh" ASCII files are, your could add or delete ASCII Banners, just remember to "chmod +x" in "sh" ASCII files to make it work.
readme files: Info and troubleshooting. 

Dependencies

First install xinetd (sudo apt-get install xinetd)
Open tcp port 2886 on your firewall (sudo ufw allow 2826)
If the installation script for the "journalNet" gives errors such as "unexpected operator" or repeats the "xinetd is required" message and freeze:
Then change the first line of the installation script from "#!/bin/sh" to "#!/bin/bash" and run the journalNet installation script again.

If you want to run your journal first on localhost for test just use theaccountwherejournalis@127.0.0.1
Last step, restart xinetd (sudo /etc/init.d/xinetd restart)

Troubleshooting

To test if the default journalNet port (2826) is opened with the choosen IP address run: sudo netstat -tulpn
If xinted initialized correctly the netstat return will be: 

tcp        0      0 my.journalNet.IP.localhost:2826       0.0.0.0:*               LISTEN       3553/xinetd 

or use a Dynamic DNS Service.

tcp        0      0 my.journalNet.ddclient.dns:2826       0.0.0.0:*               LISTEN       3553/xinetd 

If your system started but the xinetd service couldn't retrieve your DNS from ddclient, just make a simple hack and put delay (sleep) in xinetd service. 
Edit: nano /etc/init.d/xinetd and paste the following lines at the top of this file: 

# sleep to sync with ddclient and journalNet
/bin/sleep 30
# clear poisonned environment
unset TMPDIR

Then reload xinetd: sudo service xinetd restart

Info

The journal file stay at the user home folder as .journal

Security tip: Create a regular user (without sudo access) to publish "journalNet" from his home folder.

To publish your ".journal" use a Dynamic DNS Service as https://www.dynu.com/ and install the program ddclient: sudo apt-get install ddclient 

Usage

./journal theaccountwherejournalis@your.dynamic.dns

./journal -h for help and options.

echo "theaccountwherejournalis" | nc your.dynamic.dns 2826

ddclient https://www.dynu.com/ configuration example:

# Configuration file for ddclient generated by debconf
#
# /etc/ddclient.conf

protocol=dyndns2
use=if, if=enp4s0f0
#if=enp4s0f0 is the name of the network interface that you'll use. Check it with: ip a or ifconfig
server=api.dynu.com
login=yourusername
password='yourpassword'
your.dynudns.org





