docs/debian_ubuntu_mint_README.md, before:

Debian/Ubuntu/Mint
```
Files
  ___
 /___\_________
|              |
|              |
|              |
|______________|
```
**install.sh**: It's the installation script (Need chmod +x). You can delete it from the project folder after the installation.  
**journal**: It's the client program stays at journalNet folder (Need chmod +x). Launch with ./journal -B yourusername@127.0.0.1 or ./journal -B yourusername@your.dynamic.dns   
**journalnet**: It's the server program, stays at /usr/local/sbin/ folder. You can delete it from the project folder after the installation.  
**.journal**: It's your journal file, got to stay directly at the user home folder.  
**bookmarks.txt**: It's your journal bookmarks file, just add or delete journals addresses in this file and relaunch the client with ./journal -b   
**banner folder**: It's where the "sh" ASCII files are, your could add or delete ASCII Banners, just remember to "chmod +x" in "sh" ASCII files to make it work.  
**docs folder**: Info and troubleshooting.  
**journal_templates folder**: Templates for your .journal
**readme file**: Basic info.  

**Dependencies**

First install xinetd (sudo apt-get install xinetd)  
Open tcp port 2886 on your firewall (sudo ufw allow 2826)  
If the installation script for the "journalNet" gives errors such as "unexpected operator" or repeats the "xinetd is required" message and freeze:  
Then change the first line of the installation script from "#!/bin/sh" to "#!/bin/bash" and run the journalNet installation script again.  

If you want to run your journal first on localhost for test just use theaccountwherejournalis@127.0.0.1  
Last step, restart xinetd (sudo /etc/init.d/xinetd restart)  

**Troubleshooting**

To test if the default journalNet port (2826) is opened with the choosen IP address run: sudo netstat -tulpn  
If xinted initialized correctly the netstat return will be:     

tcp        0      0 my.journalNet.IP.localhost:2826       0.0.0.0:*               LISTEN       3553/xinetd 

or use a Dynamic DNS Service.

tcp        0      0 my.journalNet.ddclient.dns:2826       0.0.0.0:*               LISTEN       3553/xinetd 

If your system started but the xinetd service couldn't retrieve your DNS from ddclient, just make a simple hack and put delay (sleep) in xinetd service.   
Edit: nano /etc/init.d/xinetd and paste the following lines at the top of this file:   
```
# sleep to sync with ddclient and journalNet
/bin/sleep 30
# clear poisonned environment
unset TMPDIR
```
Then reload xinetd: sudo service xinetd restart  

**Info**

The journal file stay at the user home folder as .journal  

Security tip: Create a regular user (without sudo access) to publish "journalNet" from his home folder.  

To publish your ".journal" use a Dynamic DNS Service as https://www.dynu.com/ and install the program ddclient: sudo apt-get install ddclient   

**Usage**

./journal theaccountwherejournalis@your.dynamic.dns

./journal -h for help and options.

echo "theaccountwherejournalis" | nc your.dynamic.dns 2826

If you are in Linux Console pipe the Journal Client through more and navigate with "Enter / per line" or "Space / per screen size" (Since the "soft scrollback" was removed from Linux Kernel 5.9) so use ./journal -B username@127.0.0.1 | more or ./journal -B username@your.dynamic.dns | more (Or use alternatives like tmux and screen).

ddclient https://www.dynu.com/ configuration example:
```
# Configuration file for ddclient generated by debconf
#
# /etc/ddclient.conf

protocol=dyndns2
use=if, if=enp4s0f0
#if=enp4s0f0 is the name of the network interface that you'll use. Check it with: ip a or ifconfig
server=api.dynu.com
login=yourusername
password='yourpassword'
your.dynudns.org
```

To change your journal IP address edit the file: sudo nano /etc/xinetd.d/journalnet  
Then reload xinetd: sudo service xinetd restart 

The default port is tcp 2826. The service port could be changed at the end of /etc/services file and the top of the ./journal client.

Commit message:

Back To The Netcat!
Netcat is back with "-N" or "-q 0" to read the .journal's

Some cleaning in the journalnet code, change syntax.

Simplify README info and the Docs.

docs/debian_ubuntu_mint_README.md, after:

Debian/Ubuntu/Mint
```
Files
  ___
 /___\_________
|              |
|              |
|              |
|______________|
```
**install.sh**: It's the installation script (Need chmod +x). You can delete it from the project folder after the installation.  
**journal**: It's the client program stays at journalNet folder (Need chmod +x). Launch with ./journal -B yourusername@127.0.0.1 or ./journal -B yourusername@your.dynamic.dns   
**journalnet**: It's the server program, stays at /usr/local/sbin/ folder. You can delete it from the project folder after the installation.  
**.journal**: It's your journal file, got to stay directly at the user home folder.  
**bookmarks.txt**: It's your journal bookmarks file, just add or delete journals addresses in this file and relaunch the client with ./journal -b   
**banner folder**: It's where the "sh" ASCII files are, your could add or delete ASCII Banners, just remember to "chmod +x" in "sh" ASCII files to make it work.  
**docs folder**: Info and troubleshooting.  
**journal_templates folder**: Templates for your .journal
**readme file**: Basic info.  

**Dependencies**

First install xinetd (sudo apt-get install xinetd)  
Open tcp port 2886 on your firewall (sudo ufw allow 2826)  
If the installation script for the "journalNet" gives errors such as "unexpected operator" or repeats the "xinetd is required" message and freeze:  
Then change the first line of the installation script from "#!/bin/sh" to "#!/bin/bash" and run the journalNet installation script again.  

If you want to run your journal first on localhost for test just use theaccountwherejournalis@127.0.0.1  
Last step, restart xinetd (sudo /etc/init.d/xinetd restart)  

**Troubleshooting**

To test if the default journalNet port (2826) is opened with the choosen IP address run: sudo netstat -tulpn  
If xinted initialized correctly the netstat return will be:     

tcp        0      0 my.journalNet.IP.localhost:2826       0.0.0.0:*               LISTEN       3553/xinetd 

or use a Dynamic DNS Service.

tcp        0      0 my.journalNet.ddclient.dns:2826       0.0.0.0:*               LISTEN       3553/xinetd 

If your system started but the xinetd service couldn't retrieve your DNS from ddclient, just make a simple hack and put delay (sleep) in xinetd service.   
Edit: nano /etc/init.d/xinetd and paste the following lines at the top of this file:   
```
# sleep to sync with ddclient and journalNet
/bin/sleep 30
# clear poisonned environment
unset TMPDIR
```
Then reload xinetd: sudo service xinetd restart  

**Info**

The journal file stay at the user home folder as .journal  

Security tip: Create a regular user (without sudo access) to publish "journalNet" from his home folder.  

To publish your ".journal" use a Dynamic DNS Service as https://www.dynu.com/ and install the program ddclient: sudo apt-get install ddclient   

**Usage**

./journal theaccountwherejournalis@your.dynamic.dns

./journal -h for help and options.

Read journals with netcat (Tested with OpenBSD netcat)

echo "theaccountwherejournalis" | nc -N your.dynamic.dns 2826

echo "theaccountwherejournalis" | nc -q 0 your.dynamic.dns 2826

In Linux Console (That lost soft scrollback function)

If you are in Linux Console pipe the Journal Client through less "-r" to colorize the Banner and ":q" to exit (Since the "soft scrollback" was removed from Linux Kernel 5.9) so use ./journal -B username@127.0.0.1 | less -r or ./journal -B username@your.dynamic.dns | less -r (Or use alternatives like tmux and screen).

If you are in Linux Console pipe the Journal Client through more and navigate with "Enter / per line" or "Space / per screen size" (Since the "soft scrollback" was removed from Linux Kernel 5.9) so use ./journal -B username@127.0.0.1 | more or ./journal -B username@your.dynamic.dns | more (Or use alternatives like tmux and screen).
 

ddclient https://www.dynu.com/ configuration example:
```
# Configuration file for ddclient generated by debconf
#
# /etc/ddclient.conf

protocol=dyndns2
use=if, if=enp4s0f0
#if=enp4s0f0 is the name of the network interface that you'll use. Check it with: ip a or ifconfig
server=api.dynu.com
login=yourusername
password='yourpassword'
your.dynudns.org
```

To change your journal IP address edit the file: sudo nano /etc/xinetd.d/journalnet  
Then reload xinetd: sudo service xinetd restart 

The default port is tcp 2826. The service port could be changed at the end of /etc/services file and the top of the ./journal client.
